W-20668129 | Correct AS2 Connector Documentation (#3106)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: as2/6.9/modules/ROOT/pages/as2-connector-example-send.adoc

		<http:listener-connection host="0.0.0.0" port="8082" />
	</http:listener-config>
	<as2-mule4:send-config name="AS2_Client_Send_Sync" doc:name="AS2 Connector Send config" >
		<as2-mule4:connection partnerURL="http://localhost:8081/as2-receive" />
		<as2-mule4:self-config as2Name="partnerb" x509Alias="partnerb" email="support@partnerb.com" />
		<as2-mule4:partner-config as2Name="partnera" x509Alias="partnera" email="support@partnera.com" />
		<as2-mule4:requester-config messageIntegrityCheckAlgorithm="SHA512" mdnMessageIntegrityCheckAlgorithm="SHA512" encryptionAlgorithm="DES_EDE3" requestReceipt="SIGNED_REQUIRED" />
		<as2-mule4:keystore-config keystorePassword="test" keystorePath="as2/partnerb.p12" privateKeyPassword="test" />
	</as2-mule4:send-config>
	<flow name="SendSyncFlow" >
		<http:listener doc:name="/sendAsyncFlow" config-ref="HTTP_Client_Config" path="/sendAsyncFlow" />
		<as2-mule4:send-with-async-mdn doc:name="Send with Async MDN" config-ref="AS2_Client_Send_Sync" receiptDeliveryUrl="http://localhost:8082/recieveMDN"/>
		<logger level="INFO" doc:name="Message Sent!" message="Message Sent!" />
	</flow>
</mule>
----

=== Save and Test the Mule App

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Follow these steps to deploy your application locally and verify that it correctly sends AS2 requests and receives synchronous MDNs.

```

. Save the project.
. Run the app by clicking the project name in *Package Explorer* and then clicking *Run* > *Run As* > *Mule Application*.
+
If the application starts correctly, the console displays this message:
+
`Mule is up and kicking`
+
. Test the app by opening `+http://localhost:8082/sendAsyncFlow+` from a browser or an app like Postman.
+
. You can now send AS2 requests to the endpoint configured in the <<receiving-messages,Receiving AS2 Messages>> example.
+
If you have the example running, you can see the message sent by the *Send with Async MDN* operation.

> In this case you will not see the MDN in the logs as the MDN will be routed to the receiptDeliveryUrlas configured in the example xref:as2-connector-example-receiveing-mdn-messages.adoc[Receiving AS2 MDNs].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MDN is omitted from the logs because it's routed to the `receiptDeliveryUrl` as shown in the xref:as2-connector-example-receiveing-mdn-messages.adoc[Receiving AS2 MDNs] example.
```

		<as2-mule4:requester-config messageIntegrityCheckAlgorithm="SHA512" mdnMessageIntegrityCheckAlgorithm="SHA512" encryptionAlgorithm="DES_EDE3" requestReceipt="SIGNED_REQUIRED" />
		<as2-mule4:keystore-config keystorePassword="test" keystorePath="as2/partnerb.p12" privateKeyPassword="test" />
	</as2-mule4:send-config>
	<flow name="SendSyncFlow" >
		<http:listener doc:name="/sendAsyncFlow" config-ref="HTTP_Client_Config" path="/sendAsyncFlow" />
		<as2-mule4:send-with-async-mdn doc:name="Send with Async MDN" config-ref="AS2_Client_Send_Sync" receiptDeliveryUrl="http://localhost:8082/recieveMDN"/>
		<logger level="INFO" doc:name="Message Sent!" message="Message Sent!" />
	</flow>
</mule>
----

=== Save and Test the Mule App

Follow these steps to deploy your application locally and verify that it correctly sends AS2 requests and receives synchronous MDNs.

. Save the project.
. Run the app by clicking the project name in *Package Explorer* and then clicking *Run* > *Run As* > *Mule Application*.
+
If the application starts correctly, the console shows a success message.
+
+
. Test the app by opening `+http://localhost:8082/sendAsyncFlow+` from a browser or an app like Postman.
+

> . You can now send AS2 requests to the endpoint configured in the <<receiving-messages,Receiving AS2 Messages>> example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now send AS2 requests to the endpoint configured in the <<receiving-messages-example,Receiving AS2 Messages>> example. With the example running, you can observe the message sent by the *Send with Sync MDN* operation.
```

+

> If you have the example running, you can see the message sent by the *Send with Async MDN* operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

		<as2-mule4:partner-config as2Name="partnera" x509Alias="partnera" email="support@partnera.com" />
		<as2-mule4:requester-config messageIntegrityCheckAlgorithm="SHA512" mdnMessageIntegrityCheckAlgorithm="SHA512" encryptionAlgorithm="DES_EDE3" requestReceipt="SIGNED_REQUIRED" />
		<as2-mule4:keystore-config keystorePassword="test" keystorePath="as2/partnerb.p12" privateKeyPassword="test" />
	</as2-mule4:send-config>
	<flow name="SendSyncFlow" >
		<http:listener doc:name="/sendAsyncFlow" config-ref="HTTP_Client_Config" path="/sendAsyncFlow" />
		<as2-mule4:send-with-async-mdn doc:name="Send with Async MDN" config-ref="AS2_Client_Send_Sync" receiptDeliveryUrl="http://localhost:8082/recieveMDN"/>
		<logger level="INFO" doc:name="Message Sent!" message="Message Sent!" />
	</flow>
</mule>
----

=== Save and Test the Mule App

Follow these steps to deploy your application locally and verify that it correctly sends AS2 requests and receives synchronous MDNs.

. Save the project.
. Run the app by clicking the project name in *Package Explorer* and then clicking *Run* > *Run As* > *Mule Application*.
+

> If the application starts correctly, the console displays this message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the application starts correctly, the console shows a success message.```

> If the application starts correctly, the console shows a success message.```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the application starts correctly, the console shows a success message.
```

+

> `Mule is up and kicking`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> = Sending AS2 Messages and Receiving Back MDNs 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Sending AS2 Messages and Receiving MDNs 
```

> The following examples show how to use Anypoint Connector for AS2 (AS2 Connector) to send AS2 messages to a trading partner and receive MDNs (Message Disposition Notifications) from that partner in response:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These examples show how to use Anypoint Connector for AS2 (AS2 Connector) to send AS2 messages to a trading partner and receive Message Disposition Notifications (MDNs) in response:
```

> * <<send-with-synchronous-mdn,Send with Sync MDN>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <<send-with-synchronous-mdn,Send with Synchronous MDN>>
```

+

> Send an AS2 message and receive a synchronous MDN in response to the AS2 message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send an AS2 message and receive a synchronous MDN in response.
```

+

> * <<send-with-asynchronous-mdn,Send with Async MDN>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <<send-with-asynchronous-mdn,Send with Asynchronous MDN>>
```

+

> Send an AS2 message and receive an asynchronous MDN in response to the AS2 message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send an AS2 message and receive an asynchronous MDN in response.
```

[[send-with-synchronous-mdn]]

> == Send with Sync MDN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Send with Synchronous MDN
```

> Creating this example involves creating a new Mule project and configuring the *HTTP>Listener* source and the *Logger* component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create this example, start a new Mule project and configure the `HTTP>Listener` source and the Logger component.
```

Reviewer: Is this the correct way HTTP>Listener is written?

> The following screenshot shows the Anypoint Studio app flow for this example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image shows the Anypoint Studio app flow for this example:
```

> image::as2-connector-example-sync-flow.png[Send Synchronous AS2 MDNs Example App Flow]

Reviewer: The alt text will need to be revised using something like Cursor

=== Create a Flow to Send an AS2 Message

> Configure the *HTTP>Listener* source to initiate a Mule flow when a call is made to the `+/sendSyncFlow+` path on localhost port `8082`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to configure the *HTTP>Listener* source to initiate a Mule flow when a call is made to the `+/sendSyncFlow+` path on localhost port `8082`:
```

> . In the *Mule Palette* view, select the *HTTP > Listener* source and drag it on to the canvas. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Drag the HTTP Listener from the Mule Palette onto the canvas. 
```

> . On the *HTTP > Listener* properties screen, optionally change the value of the *Display Name* field and click *OK*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optionally, change the display name on the properties window for the listener and click *OK*.
```

. Set the *Path* field to `+/sendSyncFlow+`.

> . Click the plus sign (*+*) next to the *Connector configuration* field to configure a global element that can be used by all instances of the *HTTP > Listener* source in the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the plus sign (*+*) next to the *Connector configuration* field to configure a global element that can be used by all instances of the HTTP Listener.
```

. On the *General* tab, accept the defaults and click *OK*.

> === Add the Send with Sync MDN Operation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Add the Send with Synchronous MDN Operation
```

> Add the *Send with Sync MDN* operation and configure it to send MDNs to the receiving endpoint of `partnera`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to add the *Send with Sync MDN* operation and configure it to send MDNs to the receiving endpoint of `partnera`:
```

> . Drag the *Send with Sync MDN* next to *Listener* on the canvas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Drag the *Send with Sync MDN* operation next to the Listener component on the canvas.
```

. Click the plus sign (*+*) next to the *Connector configuration* field to configure a global element for the *Send with Sync MDN* operation.

> . On the *General* tab, configure the connection by setting the *Partner URL* field to `+http://localhost:8082/as2-receive+`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure the connection by setting the *Partner URL* field to `+http://localhost:8082/as2-receive+` on the *General* tab.
```

+
. Specify the self and partner credentials.
+
For the self configuration, configure these fields in the *Self Config* section:
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Field |Value
|AS2 Partner Name | `partnerb`  

> |x509 Alias | `parnerb`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|x509 Alias | `partnerb`
```

|email | `+support@partnerb.com+`
|===
+
For the partner configuration, configure these fields in the *Partner Config* section:
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Field |Value
|AS2 Partner Name | `partnera` 

> |x509 Alias | `parnera`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|x509 Alias | `partnera`
```

|email | `+support@partnera.com+`
|===
+

> . Optionally configure the *Requester Config* section with the algorithms to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you want to use algorithms, configure them in the *Requester Config* section.
```

> . In the *Keystore* section, configure the keystore that contains the certificates and keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Keystore* section, use these values to configure the keystore that contains the certificates and keys:
```

+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Field |Value
|Keystore Password| `+test+` 
|Keystore Path | `+as2/partnerb.p12+`
|Private Key Password | `test`
|===

=== Add the Logger Component

> Add the *Logger* component to the flow and configure it to log a message to the Studio console 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> when the app sends an AS2 message and receives a synchronous MDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the Logger component to the flow. Configure the component to log a message when the app sends an AS2 message and receives a synchronous MDN.```

> . From the *Mule Palette* view, select *Core* and drag the *Logger* component next to *Send with Sync mDN*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the Mule palette, select *Core* and drag the Logger component next to the *Send with Sync MDN* operation.
```

> . In the Logger properties screen, set the *Message* field to `Message Sent and MDN Received!`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Set the message for the Logger to "Message Sent and MDN Received!".
```

=== Save and Test the Mule App

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to deploy your application locally and verify that it correctly sends AS2 requests and receives synchronous MDNs.
```

. Save the project.

> . Run the app by clicking the project name in *Package Explorer* and then clicking *Run* > *Run As* > *Mule Application*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Run the app by clicking the project name in *Package Explorer*, and then click *Run* > *Run As* > *Mule Application*.
```

+

> If the application starts correctly, the console displays this message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the application starts correctly, the console shows a success message.
```

+

> `Mule is up and kicking`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

+
. Test the app by opening `+http://localhost:8082/sendSyncFlow+` from a browser or an app like Postman.
+

> . You can now send AS2 requests to the endpoint configured in the <<receiving-messages,Receiving AS2 Messages>> example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now send AS2 requests to the endpoint configured in the <<receiving-messages-example,Receiving AS2 Messages>> example. With the example running, you can observe the message sent by the *Send with Sync MDN* operation.
```

+

> If you have the example running, you can see the message sent by the *Send with Sync MDN* operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

=== XML for the Sending Synchronous AS2 MDNs Example

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section provides the configuration for the Mule flow, including the HTTP Listener, AS2 Send configuration, and Logger component.
```

Reviewer: Should this code be pasted into the Studio XML editor? If so, use this text for the intro instead:

Paste this code into your Studio XML editor to quickly load the flow for this example into your Mule app:

		<http:listener-connection host="0.0.0.0" port="8082" />
	</http:listener-config>
	<as2-mule4:send-config name="AS2_Client_Send_Sync" doc:name="AS2 Connector Send config" >
		<as2-mule4:connection partnerURL="http://localhost:8081/as2-receive" />
		<as2-mule4:self-config as2Name="partnerb" x509Alias="partnerb" email="support@partnerb.com" />
		<as2-mule4:partner-config as2Name="partnera" x509Alias="partnera" email="support@partnera.com" />
		<as2-mule4:requester-config messageIntegrityCheckAlgorithm="SHA512" mdnMessageIntegrityCheckAlgorithm="SHA512" encryptionAlgorithm="DES_EDE3" requestReceipt="SIGNED_REQUIRED" />
		<as2-mule4:keystore-config keystorePassword="test" keystorePath="as2/partnerb.p12" privateKeyPassword="test" />
	</as2-mule4:send-config>
	<flow name="SendSyncFlow" >
		<http:listener doc:name="/sendSyncFlow" config-ref="HTTP_Client_Config" path="/sendSyncFlow" />
		<as2-mule4:send-with-sync-mdn doc:name="Send with Sync MDN" config-ref="AS2_Client_Send_Sync"/>
		<logger level="INFO" doc:name="Message Sent and MDN Received!" message="Message Sent and MDN Received!" />
	</flow>
</mule>
----

[[send-with-asynchronous-mdn]]
== Send with Async MDN

> This example is similar to the <<send-with-synchronous-mdn,Send with Sync MDN>> example, except that in this example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example follows the same structure as the <<send-with-synchronous-mdn,Send with Sync MDN>> example but incorporates these changes:
```

> * You use the *Send with Async MDN* operation instead of the *Send with Sync MDN* operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The *Send with Async MDN* operation is used instead of the *Send with Sync MDN* operation.
```

> * You must specify a value for the *Receipt delivery url* field. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A value is specified for the *Receipt delivery url* field. The field can be configured globally, in the global element for the *Send with Async MDN* operation, or in the properties window.
```

Reviewer: Should "url" be all caps?

+

> You can configure this field either globally, in the global element for the *Send with Async MDN* operation, or in the properties window for that operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The following screenshot shows the Studio app flow for this example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image shows the Studio app flow for this example:
```

> image::as2-connector-example-async-flow.png[Send Asynchronous AS2 MDNs Example App Flow]

Reviewer: The alt text will need to be revised using something like Cursor

> In the Studio Console in this app, you should see a message for each received AS2 MDN that was sent synchronously. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Studio Console view shows a message for each AS2 MDN that was sent synchronously and received. For example:
```

Reviewer: Should "synchronously" be "asynchronously"?

		<http:listener-connection host="0.0.0.0" port="8082" />
	</http:listener-config>
	<as2-mule4:send-config name="AS2_Client_Send_Sync" doc:name="AS2 Connector Send config" >
		<as2-mule4:connection partnerURL="http://localhost:8081/as2-receive" />
		<as2-mule4:self-config as2Name="partnerb" x509Alias="partnerb" email="support@partnerb.com" />
		<as2-mule4:partner-config as2Name="partnera" x509Alias="partnera" email="support@partnera.com" />
		<as2-mule4:requester-config messageIntegrityCheckAlgorithm="SHA512" mdnMessageIntegrityCheckAlgorithm="SHA512" encryptionAlgorithm="DES_EDE3" requestReceipt="SIGNED_REQUIRED" />
		<as2-mule4:keystore-config keystorePassword="test" keystorePath="as2/partnerb.p12" privateKeyPassword="test" />
	</as2-mule4:send-config>
	<flow name="SendSyncFlow" >
		<http:listener doc:name="/sendAsyncFlow" config-ref="HTTP_Client_Config" path="/sendAsyncFlow" />
		<as2-mule4:send-with-async-mdn doc:name="Send with Async MDN" config-ref="AS2_Client_Send_Sync" receiptDeliveryUrl="http://localhost:8082/recieveMDN"/>
		<logger level="INFO" doc:name="Message Sent!" message="Message Sent!" />
	</flow>

> </mule>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</mule>
----
```

> === Save and Test the Mule App

Reviewer: See previous comments for changes to the Save and Test section
